Very good.
Let's see what you brought with you.
You had a little shopping tour.
Brought along something useful, I hope.
I hope there are more
practical items.
Alright.
I saw ten pairs of sweatpants there.
Very good! Very good!
Practical.
Useful in any situation.
Number 25, 38, 71, 90, 97, 100, 101, 102,
103, 104 - yes, sweatpants!
Great.
Number 25, 48, 66, 87, 96, 99, 100, 104 -
We have a total of 800 liters of whiskey.
Not enough?
I can see we're dealing with
smart people here.
Because alcohol is the drink
of intelligent people.
And we don't just consume it
for pleasure.
We use it for our traditions.
For example, weddings, funerals, christenings.
Round birthdays.
Very good!
25, 38, 71, 87, 97, 101, 103 -
woolen socks. Yes!
Very practical.
Very good.
Aha... 25, 38, 48, 66, 93,
96, 97 - 7 pocket knives.
Practical. But again...
this is the tool of intelligent people.
Similarly, I see that we have
6 revolvers with us.
I truly hope we won't have to
use them on this journey.
But we must be prepared.
We never know
where danger might lurk.
38, 48, 87, 96, 97, 99 -
6 rolls of McGyver's tape.
Yes!
Is there anything more practical
than McGyver's tape in the world?
I haven't seen anything.
My friend makes wallets out of it.
But you know what you can't do with it?
People.
I'm very glad
that you're here.
A guitar - classic!
Very good.
Alright... 25, 99, 100, 104 -
We have 4 handfuls of
hallucinogenic mushrooms...
Missed a few biology classes in school?
Should have learned
edible mushrooms.
But... you know...
Maybe we can use these
mushrooms to weaken someone else?
To sedate them?
If we ever need it.
66, 87, 90 -
soccer!
Yes!
This is a family game.
Everyone has their role in this game.
And we are on our way
toward a common goal.
Very good!
Piano - classic.
Super!
66, 89 - thank you!
The Bible.
Because what else unites us,
Europeans, if not the Bible?
This is indeed
the foundation of all traditions.
Estonian Board Game - thank you!
97, where are you?
Condoms? Waterproof?
Perhaps we'll find a more practical use for them as well.
Perhaps for a child's first birthday
as balloons.